water_air // done
water_backdirt
alpha_flag // done
alpha_spawn // done
alpha_spikes // done
alpha_stone_door // done
alpha_trap_block // done
alpha_bridge // done
alpha_wooden_door // done
alpha_wooden_platform // done
alpha_stalagmite // legacy
alpha_chest // done
alpha_lever // done
alpha_pressure_plate // done
alpha_push_button // done
alpha_coin_slot // done
alpha_sensor // done
alpha_diode // done
alpha_inverter // done
alpha_junction // done
alpha_magazine // done
alpha_oscillator // done
alpha_randomizer // done
alpha_resistor // done
alpha_toggle // done
alpha_transistor // done
alpha_wire // done
alpha_emitter // done
alpha_receiver // done
alpha_elbow // done
alpha_tee // done
alpha_bolter // done
alpha_dispenser // done
alpha_lamp // done
alpha_obstructor // done
alpha_spiker // done
ladder // done
spikes // done
spikes_ground // done
spikes_castle // done
spikes_wood // done
knight_shop // done
builder_shop // done
archer_shop // done
boat_shop // done
vehicle_shop // done
quarters // done
storage_noteam // done
barracks_noteam // done
factory_noteam // done
tunnel_noteam // done
kitchen // done
nursery // done
research // done
workbench // done
campfire // done
saw // done
tree
bush
grain
flowers
log
shark
fish
bison
chicken
chest
drill
trampoline
lantern
crate
bucket
sponge
steak
burger
heart
bombs
waterbombs
arrows
waterarrows
firearrows
bombarrows
bolts
blue_mine
red_mine
mine_noteam
boulder
satchel
keg
mountedbow
catapult
ballista
raft
dinghy
longboat
warboat
airship
bomber
gold
stone
wood
princess
necromancer
necromancer_teleport
mook_knight
mook_archer
mook_spawner
mook_spawner_10
dummy
redbarrier